[Music]
hello everybody welcome to the kitchen
today I've got a super delicious cake
recipe for you it's a chocolate brownie
cake it's a lovely one to make the kids
it's nice and easy
and so delicious and this is what you're
going to need to make it 125 grams of
plain chocolate 2 tablespoons of golden
syrup 125 grams of caster sugar 100
grams of butter 75 grams of light brown
sugar half a teaspoon of baking powder 2
tablespoons of cocoa 400 grams of plain
flour teaspoon of vanilla extract and 2
eggs right I'm gonna get my hop and pan
out because the first thing I need to do
is melt all of the chocolate sugar
butter and syrup together first in is
the brown sugar next the castor sugar
and the butter
[Music]
golden syrup and lastly the chocolate
now I'm just going to keep stirring it
it's on a gentle heat so just stir it
gently until everything comes together
and it's lovely and melted and smooth
[Music]
I've taken this off the hub so I'm just
gonna set that to one side and mix up
the rest of the ingredients the first
thing we need to do is break our eggs
I'm just going to gently whisk those
until they're light and frothy
[Music]
there you have it so nice and light and
frothy now all you need to do is just
take this into your melted chocolate II
mixture
[Music]
just give that gentle mix
and now I'm gonna add the rest of the
ingredients so in goes the vanilla
extract and the plain flour cocoa powder
and the baking powder half a teaspoon
and all you need to do is just mix that
well together
[Music]
gorgeous that smells delicious and now
it's ready for the team
so I've got a 20 centimeter cake tin and
it's greased and lined so all you need
to do is pour that delicious mixture
into the tin and bake it on 180 degrees
for about 25 to 30 minutes
[Music]
once this was baked I left in the tin to
cool down for about 30 minutes because
this is best served slightly warm with
loads of ice cream fruit and chocolate
sauce
[Music]
well that cake is incredible warm gooey
and fudgy lean side so chocolatey and a
lovely crusty brownie top perfect serve
with all of this as well such a good
combination
I really hope you've enjoyed watching
and I really hope you can't wait to bake
your own one of these because trust me
you will absolutely demolish this and
I'd love to see pigs if you do make it
and use the hashtag stay safe get
cooking thanks for watching see you soon
[Music]